---
layout: post
title:  "2025 Baseball Sign-ups May 18 thru 25"
date:   2025-05-23 10:00:00
categories: baseball
background: '/img/bg-background.jpg'
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->
published: true
---

We had a late request to do baseball at Moanalua and was able to secure commitments from former coaches and community member to be head coach for JR. PINTO/PINTO TEAM and a MUSTANG/BRONCO TEAM.
The sign-ups will determine which age division we will be joining.

MOANALUA ATHLETIC CLUB (MAC) & POLICE ACTIVITY LEAGUE (PAL) will grant us a late start if we make a commitment to enter two teams.
We will accept players for the Mustang age group (Grades 4 & 5) and a few sixth graders as roster limits allow.
The age determination date is the child’s age on January 1, 2025.
Teams are for boys and girls (co-ed).

May 23 Update: Signups for Jr Pinto and Pinto age division are closed. We have reached the maximum number of signups. Mustang/Bronco division signups are still available.

The minimum number of players is 9 and the maximum is 16.
Grade levels are grades Kindergarten through 3rd grade for the Jr. Pinto/Pinto team and Grades 4 - 6 for Mustang/Broncos.

See our [baseball](/baseball) page for more information and sign-up link.

## Additional Information
STEP 1 - SIGN UP- ON-LINE SIGN-UP PERIOD IS MAY 18 – MAY 25. 
 
STEP 2: REGISTRATION AND FEE: REGISTRATION FORM AND PAYMENT DUE DATE IS THE FIRST DAY OF PRACTICE IS PROJECTED TO BE MAY 27 OR MAY 29.

STEP 3: ATTEND FIRST OR SECOND PRACTICE: PRACTICE DAYS ARE TUESDAYS & THURSDAYS, (JR. PINTOS & PINTOS; 3:15 PM – 4:45 PM & MUSTANG/BRONCOS; 5:00 – 6:30 PM) ALL PRACTICES AT MOANALUA PARK FIELD.

> GAME DATES WILL BE SATURDAY MORNINGS, FROM MAY 31 TILL JULY 26.
> ALL GAMES AT KALIHI VALLEY DISTRICT PARK FIELD; 1911 KAMEHAMEHA IV ROAD (FOR BOTH AGE GROUPS)

The minimum number of players is 9 and the maximum is 16.   Grade levels are grades Kindergarten through 2nd grade for the Jr. Pinto/Pinto team and Grades 3- 6 for Mustangs /Broncos.